.TH EMOJI-NUKER 1 "2024-07-12" "Version 1.0.0" "User Commands"

.SH NAME
emoji-nuker \- Remove emojis from code files in a project directory

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B emoji-nuker
[\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-\-verbose\fR]
[\fB\-\-version\fR]
[\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR]
\fIdirectory\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B emoji-nuker
is a lightweight utility that scans your project directory and removes all emojis
from code files. It's especially useful for cleaning up emoji-laden comments,
log messages, or commit artifacts in codebases before production or archiving.

The tool recursively scans the specified directory and processes files with the
following extensions: .py, .js, .ts, .cpp, .c, .h, .java, .rb, .go, .rs,
.html, .css, .json, .yml, .yaml, .sh, .md, .txt

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Enable verbose output, showing scanning progress and supported extensions.

.TP
.BR \-\-version
Show version information and exit.

.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help message and exit.

.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.I directory
Path to the root of the project directory to scan for emojis.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Clean all code files in the current directory:
.B emoji-nuker .

.TP
Clean all code files in a specific project:
.B emoji-nuker /path/to/project

.TP
Clean with verbose output:
.B emoji-nuker --verbose /path/to/project

.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success - emojis were removed or no emojis were found.

.TP
.B 1
Error - invalid directory, permission denied, or other error occurred.

.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.local/bin/emoji-nuker
User installation location (if installed with make install-user)

.TP
.B /usr/local/bin/emoji-nuker
System installation location (if installed with make install)

.SH AUTHOR
Written by the emoji-nuker development team.

.SH BUGS
Report bugs to the project repository.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © 2024. This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.
There is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR grep (1),
.BR find (1),
.BR sed (1) 